Downloadable files
Abstract
This document contains information about obtaining Parascript FieldScript for IBM Datacap Taskmaster Capture Versions 8.0.1 and 8.1.0, and for IBM Datacap Version 9.0.0.
Download Description
Parascript FieldScript for IBM Datacap Versions 8.0.1, 8.1.0, and 9.0.0, and the associated data disk that contains the United States Postal Service (USPS) database are available for download only through Passport Advantage.
The address information in the USPS database on the data disk is automatically disabled 105 days after the date of issue. IBM refreshes the data disk on the 14th day of every month, or the previous business day. You must ensure that you obtain the refreshed data from Passport Advantage on a regular schedule so that you avoid issues that are associated with disabled address information.
Prerequisites
See the following website for detailed system requirements.
URL
LANGUAGE
SIZE(Bytes)
Hardware and software requirements
English
15234
Installation Instructions
See the Parascript(R) FieldScript(R) for IBM Datacap Taskmaster Capture Version 8.0.1 Guide for installation instructions.
Click on the other links for related information.
URL
LANGUAGE
SIZE(Bytes)
Parascript FieldScript for Taskmaster Guide
English
55555
IBM Datacap Publication Library
English
1000
Parascript FieldScript with Datacap V8.1.0 & V9.0.0
English
1000
Download package
To download Parascript FieldScript, sign in to
Passport Advantage
by using your IBM ID. If you are not a returning customer or you do not have an IBM ID, you can register to obtain an IBM ID.
After you sign in to Passport Advantage, you can select the software to which you are entitled to download.
Click the HTTP link to go to the Passport Advantage Online website.
Download
RELEASE DATE
LANGUAGE
SIZE(Bytes)
Download Options
Passport Advantage Online
16 Dec 2011
English
1024
HTTP
Technical support
Passport Advantage Online support:
https://www.ibm.com/software/howtobuy/passportadvantage/paocustomer/docs/en_US/ecare.html
IBM Datacap Taskmaster Capture V8.0.1 and V8.1.0 support:
http://www.ibm.com/support/entry/portal/Overview/Software/Information_Management/Datacap_Taskmaster_Capture
Cross reference information
Segment
Product
Component
Platform
Version
Edition
Enterprise Content Management
Datacap Taskmaster Capture